Excercise 14 Chapter 8 Answer

In conclusion, yes you can make a non-reference argument in a function constant, but the uses for it are a bit small. What this means is that the constant function parameter is immutable, or cannot be changed when in the scope of the method. The most important one I can think on why someone would use something like this is to ensure when a value is sent to a method that it is not changed in any way, and the second being sending a constant value to a function. The reason you do not see many people doing this is because there are better ways of adding constants to a function (i.e making the constant used global). In the purpose of ensuring no changes are done to the method, if someone does change the value in the method, nothing really happens to the original data (besides incorrect calculations inside the method) because the method passed in the value of the primitive and not the reference, and thus making constants of primitives make not too much sense overall. While for reference types it makes sense so that you can use an objects functions without having to worry abut changing their values on accident, you get nothing out of constant primitives but minor security than can be overwritten as soon as the scope is in the main method again (if the const int wasnt const before at least).

In my main I show a variable numberOfWeeks which takes in a constant int and prints it (which should be the number of weeks). Although on the first print it is true that the number of weeks is 52 (and cannot be changed from within the method), as soon as the program is back in the main method I can simply increment the value and send it back to the numberOfWeeksInXYears, which now incorrectly prints the wrong numbers of weeks.

Thanks again for your time! 